add kmenu to list of libraries (#7)
stefanjudis/awesome-command-palette: README.md

- [ninja-keys](https://github.com/ssleptsov/ninja-keys) - Keyboard shortcuts interface for your website. Working with static HTML, Vanilla JS, Vue, React, Svelte.
- [react-command-palette](https://github.com/asabaylus/react-command-palette) -  An accessible browser compatible javascript command palette
- [scoutbar](https://github.com/adenekan41/scoutbar) - A User-friendly, easy-to-use, scalable, and highly customizable component for automating your command+k experience.

> - [kmenu](https://github.com/harshhhdev/kmenu) - Animated and accessible cmdk interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [kmenu](https://github.com/harshhhdev/kmenu) - An animated and accessible cmd+k interface.
```
